server-1965 | removed kots reference (#7105)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server/operator/using-metrics.adoc

NOTE: Data is retained for a maximum of 15 days.

> NOTE: Prometheus Server is not limited to scraping metrics from your CircleCI server install. By default, it scrapes metrics from your entire cluster. It is disabled in your installation by default but you may enable it in the helm values file if needed.

Author: Canceling the PR due to https://github.com/circleci/circleci-docs/pull/7106/files

> NOTE: Prometheus Server is not limited to scraping metrics from your CircleCI server install. By default, it scrapes metrics from your entire cluster. It is disabled in your installation by default but you may enable it by making change in helm value file if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Prometheus Server is not limited to scraping metrics from your CircleCI server install. By default, it scrapes metrics from your entire cluster. It is disabled in your installation by default but you may enable it in the helm values file if needed.
```
